Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository you're putting a .git file into your directory.
This lets you run git status on your directory to see what files have been 
changed.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offer?

The staging area is where you put files that you'd like to commit. It's
different from the working directory because files don't stay there, they're
just there temporarily. The value it offers is that it helps you pare 
out what's important from the working directory and the repository.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can use the git diff and the git diff --staged commands to compare what changes have
been made.  

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping history organized? How
would branches help?

They're helpful when you're experimenting with a big change or trying to add a new feature. 
They help because they're dedicated to that specific goal and making mistakes in them
won't affect your master branch. 

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help you see what commits are accessible from where. It's like they're 
parallel streets that only have connections in certain places. 
 
Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in 
the diagram the way we do?

It makes one branch from the two under whatever branch you had checked out at the time.
We represent it in the diagram that way because the two branches are merging together into
one and it's helpful to see what commits you'll be able to refer back to. This is also 
helpful because it makes it more obvious what the parent commits are. 

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merging
manually. 

A pro is that it can save valuable time and effort. A con is that you might end up 
with code that doesn't work correctly. Doing the merges manually can take longer, 
but it also allows for a second opinion and the opportunity to ask, 'is this really
the best way to put these together'?

